How could Dandan suddenly be critically ill?
Danny's heart has stopped beating.
The doctor is resuscitating
You hurry up and sign
Don't worry, it'll be alright
Be careful
Mama Dandan
The child has a heart attack stimulated by drugs
Although we have now made a rescue
But his heart is at full throttle
There is no way
The child is awake
Come on in.
How come?
I was gone for a little while.
Something so big happened to them all
It's all my fault
Xu Yao, don't think so
Danny will be sad to hear what you say
You can restore your mood now.
We simply
We're going to make him leave with a smile
Can't let him walk away crying
Mom, come to Yaoyao Mom
I'm dying, aren't I?
How could it be, Danny?
Our Dandan will be better soon.
I had a dream just now.
In my dream, I saw my father
He said we would meet soon
He is waiting for me in heaven
balls
Don't leave mom
Okay? Okay?
I Want Mommy
You like this uncle very much, don't you?